bio.md, before:

Programming Background: 1998-2000 Delphi/Pascal.  2000-current - Java. 

Took a Visual basic class around 1999 or so. 
Took a Java class at university of Dallas around Summer 2001. 
Started an on-line degree program at OSU in January of 2014. While we only just started this semester, I can tell this will be my favorite quarter, at least so far, due to the practical nature of these classes. I will be able to use these skills to work on some side-projects i have been dreaming about.

Look I so old to young eyes? :) I am probably the oldest person in this class. The beauty of this fact is that when you reach my age you just...don't...care.I graduated high school before the web was created. The internet had been around a while, but most of the activity was in the form of bulletin boards. AOL was huge. This was before their mind-numbingly bad merger with CNN. In college, I got a BS/MS in Accounting, because it was in the school of business, and they had a 5 year program that allowed you to complete both degrees at once. What I didnt realize in college was that while my natural tendency is to be very logical, I am not very organized (at least not without forcing myself to focus on it). Tax and Accounting relies heavily on tidy organization skills so others can follow your workpapers. I had one bad tax season, then moved to a tax software company, where I have been for about 20 years, doing development. I am married to the most beautiful girl in the world, with 3 awesome kids. I live in the Dallas area, which is great, except for July and August. My wife was born in Vietnam, and we have traveled there quiet a bit.  Outside of family, travel is my biggest passion. Just don't have time to do it much anymore, with all the time demands of work, school, and family. 
I forgot to mention, I was originally born in Jackson MS.

Commit message:

one more note about Mississippi

bio.md, after:

Programming Background: 1998-2000 Delphi/Pascal.  2000-current - Java. 

Took a Visual basic class around 1999 or so. 
Took a Java class at university of Dallas around Summer 2001. 
Started an on-line degree program at OSU in January of 2014. While we only just started this semester, I can tell this will be my favorite quarter, at least so far, due to the practical nature of these classes. I will be able to use these skills to work on some side-projects i have been dreaming about.

Look I so old to young eyes? :) I am probably the oldest person in this class. The beauty of this fact is that when you reach my age you just...don't...care.I graduated high school before the web was created. The internet had been around a while, but most of the activity was in the form of bulletin boards. AOL was huge. This was before their mind-numbingly bad merger with CNN. In college, I got a BS/MS in Accounting, because it was in the school of business, and they had a 5 year program that allowed you to complete both degrees at once. What I didnt realize in college was that while my natural tendency is to be very logical, I am not very organized (at least not without forcing myself to focus on it). Tax and Accounting relies heavily on tidy organization skills so others can follow your workpapers. I had one bad tax season, then moved to a tax software company, where I have been for about 20 years, doing development. I am married to the most beautiful girl in the world, with 3 awesome kids. I live in the Dallas area, which is great, except for July and August. My wife was born in Vietnam, and we have traveled there quiet a bit.  Outside of family, travel is my biggest passion. Just don't have time to do it much anymore, with all the time demands of work, school, and family. 
I forgot to mention, I was originally born in Jackson MS. I loved Mississippi as a child, but it doesnt have many opportunites for jobs and education.
